DOCSP-30020: Ruby landing page (#878)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/ruby.txt

.. _ruby-language-center:

===================
MongoDB Ruby Driver
===================

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:

   Ruby Driver  <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/ruby-driver/current/>
   Ruby Mongoid ODM  <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/mongoid/current/>

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> Introduction

Reviewer: Suggestion:

While this might follow the structure of other pages, I found it slightly difficult to identify that the link in this section was for the driver and that the ODM would be in the next section because both were introduced here.

Maybe there could be a separate section after Introduction that mentions what you can do with the driver, similar to some of our driver docs landing pages.

E.g. (from docs/node, also similar to docs/java/sync)

> You can add the driver to your application to work with MongoDB in JavaScript. Download it using 
> [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
>  or set up a runnable project by following our Quick Start guide.
> 
> 
>

------------

Welcome to the documentation site for the official MongoDB Ruby 
driver and Mongoid ODM. See the :ruby:`official Ruby driver
documentation site <>` to learn how to begin using the driver.

Object Document Mapper
----------------------

> If your application uses validations, associations, and other high-level
> data modeling functions, then you may need to install an Object

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I don't think the user needs to install it, but they could benefit from it.

```suggestion
You can use Mongoid, the official MongoDB Ruby ODM, to streamline your application's logic for validation, data model associations, and other high-level data modeling functions.
```

Document Mapper (ODM). The ODM officially supported by MongoDB is called

> Mongoid. See the `Mongoid Manual

Reviewer: Suggestion:

For consistency, I think it could be called reference documentation. 

```suggestion
Mongoid. See the `Mongoid reference documentation
```
